---
title: Yearly Review 2024
date: "2025-01-01"
description: "Insert something exciting"
tags: ["life", "personal","rewind"]
aliases: [/2024]
---

Unlike previous years' reviews, this year I don't want to write an essay on things, keeping it short and sweet, point wise:

- Joined KnowBe4 on January 2nd as an SRE in the Platform Team.
- KnowBe4 has a Kochi office, and all the folks are really sweet—awesome colleagues and awesome friends.
- Tried going to the gym, but I don't think I have enough discipline to keep it up.
- Presented a talk on Nix OS at the KochiFOSS meetup in February.
- Moved to a new flat in Kochi.
- Went for night drives a lot—lost count at some point.
- Hung out with my friends a lot.
- Went to Goa for a weekend, met a few of my colleagues from Frappe.
- Went on an international vacation to Thailand, swam in the sea, and visited Phi Phi Islands.
- Tried meal prepping but failed there too.
- Learned some new tech skills.
- Got a lot lazier.
- Read very few books.
- Watched some good movies.
- Started listening to old Malayalam songs a lot.
- Moved from my OnePlus to a Samsung S23 and got a new (used) ThinkPad.
- Bought 3 new watches—one for my brother, one for my mother, and one for me (a Moonswatch, the costliest item I own after my phone).
- Went on a weekend trip to Kodaikanal and Munnar with my roommates/flatmates.
- Got a new PlayStation 5 and played a lot of games. Finished *Ghost of Tsushima*, *Spider-Man 2*, *The Last of Us*, *God of War*, and *God of War: Ragnarok*.
- Didn't build any new keyboards or contribute to open-source projects. I still think 20-year-old Athul was better than 24-year-old Athul.
- Went to the TechRoastShow in Bangalore.
- Drove my car to 18,000 km (in a year and 3 months). Longest single stretch drive was 360 km.

Life was mostly chill this year—less stress, a lot less solitude. Got a lot lazier, thought less about what's to come, and became a lot less philosophical.

